I look away you know I see closers
I mean like folks who have lost stuff
homes our families and we're facing a
threat that could destroy us all
hey
if we're gonna save the galaxy we're
gonna have to do it together partners
why would you want to save the galaxy
cuz I one of the idiots who deleted oh
the hell I don't got that long a
lifespan anyway
why would you risk your life for this
because right now lights giving us a
chance to do what something good
something bad bit of both
I will fight beside you
I will destroy Anju but you gotta go
through us
we're the freaking guardians of the
galaxy I'm with them
I have a plan you've got a plan I have
part of a plan what percentage of a plan
I don't know twelve percent twelve
percent it's real totally fake that is
the most real authentic hysterical laugh
of my entire life because that is not a
plan I am groom so what it's better than
eleven percent what the hell does that
have to do with anything thank you hoots
the only one of you who has a clue get
your tickets now at van den go